Customer behavior and booking possibilities have been radically changed by online hotel reservation channels. Cancellations or no-shows cause a significant number of hotel reservations to be canceled. Cancellations can be caused by a variety of factors, such as scheduling conflicts, changes in plans, etc. In many cases, this is made easier by the possibility of doing so free or at a low cost, which is beneficial for hotel guests but less desirable and possibly revenue-diminishing for hotels.

As a Data Scientist, your job is to build a Machine Learning model to help the Hotel Owners better understand if the customer is going to honor the reservation or cancel it ?

Dataset Description
The file contains the different attributes of customers' reservation details. The detailed data dictionary is given below
Booking_ID: unique identifier of each booking
No of adults: Number of adults
No of children: Number of Children
noofweekend_nights: Number of weekend nights (Saturday or Sunday) the guest stayed or booked to stay at the hotel
noofweek_nights: Number of week nights (Monday to Friday) the guest stayed or booked to stay at the hotel
typeofmeal_plan: Type of meal plan booked by the customer:
requiredcarparking_space: Does the customer require a car parking space? (0 - No, 1- Yes)
roomtypereserved: Type of room reserved by the customer. The values are ciphered (encoded) by INN Hotels.
lead_time: Number of days between the date of booking and the arrival date
arrival_year: Year of arrival date
arrival_month: Month of arrival date
arrival_date: Date of the month
Market segment type: Market segment designation.
repeated_guest: Is the customer a repeated guest? (0 - No, 1- Yes)
noofprevious_cancellations: Number of previous bookings that were canceled by the customer prior to the current booking
noofpreviousbookingsnot_canceled: Number of previous bookings not canceled by the customer prior to the current booking
avgpriceper_room: Average price per day of the reservation; prices of the rooms are dynamic. (in euros)
noofspecial_requests: Total number of special requests made by the customer (e.g. high floor, view from the room, etc)
booking_status: Flag indicating if the booking was canceled or not.